doc/datafileformat.md, before:

#Data file format
> User can provide "list of filenames" or "directory name", which contains data dump. Currently data dump in CSV formatted is supported by aerospike-loader.

##Sample data file:
``` c
user_location, user_id,last_visited, community
India, 1, 08/16/2011, facebook
India, 2, 08/17/2011, Twitter
USA, 3, 08/16/2011, Twitter
```

Above one is a sample of a data file. First row is the header information of each column. We can use this header information  for column mapping in configuration file. Next three rows contain data with ',' separated.

##Supported Data Types:

- Integer : Integer type data including numbers. E.g. 123456
- Float   : Floating type data is stored in aerospike as 8 byte byte array. E.g. 0.345
- String  : String type data. E.g. "Aerospike"
- Blob    : Binary fields which is hex encoded is stored as blobs. E.g. hex encoded "abc" as 616263.
- Timestamp: Timestamp type data stored as string or integer. E.g. "1-1-1970" as string stored as "1-1-1970" but as integer stored as -19800 seconds(negative because its calculated reference to UTC timezone).


> **Note**: Timestamp type data should have some format, and always be in double quotes. For best practices in timestamp formatting refer [SimpleDateFormat](http://docs.oracle.com/javase/6/docs/api/java/text/SimpleDateFormat.html).

Commit message:

Aerospike-loader improvements (#2)
* Deprecated CSV reference. Added DSV support.
* Updated to use latest java-client.
* Added TLS support and seed host list support.
* Added support for secondary_mapping (reverse_mapping to primary_key)
* Added JSON as src_data_type support. Nested list, map can be stored.
* Depricated set, readThread, writeThread from command line param. Added max-throughput param.
* Improved test/examples.

doc/datafileformat.md, after:

#Data file format
> User can provide "list of filenames" or "directory name", which contains data dump. Currently data dump in DSV formatted is supported by aerospike-loader.

##Sample data file:
``` c
user_location##user_id##last_visited##community
India##1##08/16/2011##facebook
India##2##08/17/2011##Twitter
USA##3##08/16/2011##Twitter
```

In the above sampele data file first row is the header information for each column. This column name can be used for column mapping in configuration file. Next three rows contain data with delimiter('##') separated.

##Supported Data Types:

- Integer : Integer type data including numbers. E.g. 123456
- Float   : Floating type data is stored in aerospike as 8 byte byte array. E.g. 0.345
- String  : String type data. E.g. "Aerospike"
- Blob    : Binary fields which is hex encoded is stored as blobs. E.g. hex encoded "abc" as 616263.
- Timestamp: Timestamp type data stored as string or integer. E.g. "1-1-1970" as string stored as "1-1-1970" but as integer stored as -19800 seconds(negative because its calculated reference to UTC timezone). 
- Json    : Any standerd JSON doc. (List, map will also go as JSON.). E.g. List: "['a', 'b', ['c', 'd']]", Map: "{'a': 'b', 'c': {'d', 'e'}}".
 
> **Note**: Timestamp type data should have some format, and always be in double quotes. For best practices in timestamp formatting refer [SimpleDateFormat](http://docs.oracle.com/javase/6/docs/api/java/text/SimpleDateFormat.html).
