doc/options.md, before:

#Options


| Options                   | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        | Default             |
|---------------------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|---------------------|
| -h <hosts>                | List of seed hosts, where Aerospike servers are running                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            | 127.0.0.1           |
| -p <port>                 | Port to use with the host specified in the -h option.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              | 3000                |
| -U <user>                 | User name
| -P <password>             | Password
| -n <namespace>            | Namespace to load data into.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       | test                |
| -c <config>               | JSON formatted configuration file specifying parsing attributes and schema mapping.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                |                     |
| -g <max-throughput>       | Set a maximum target transactions per second for the loader.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         																																						         | 0 (no throttling)
| -T <transaction-timeout>  | (In milliseconds) Timeout for a transaction during write operation.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                | 0 (no timeout)      |
| -e <expiration-time>      | Expiration time of records in seconds. Other valid values are: set it to -1 for records to never expire and 0 to use server default.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               | -1                  |
| -tz <timezone>            | Time zone of data backup source. This value is used when loading data of timestamp datatype. For example, if data backup location timezone is X and that data is to be loaded into server located in Y timezone, then specify X's timezone. Valid values are standard three-letter codes such as PST, EST, etc.                                                                                                                                                                                                    |  local timezone     |
| -ec <abort-error-count>   | Error threshold to determine when the loader should stop loading data. Set it to 0 to ignore the threshold.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        | 0                   |
| -wa <write-action>        | The possible values are: 1) UPDATE - Create or update records. Merge incoming bin values with existing ones, 2) UPDATE_ONLY - Update existing records. Fail if record does not exist. Merge incoming bin values with existing ones, 3) REPLACE - Create or replace existing records, 4) REPLACE_ONLY - Replace existing records. Fail if record does not exist, 5) CREATE_ONLY - Create new records. Fail if record already exists.                                                                                | UPDATE              |
| -tls <tlsEnable>              | Use TLS/SSL sockets                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            | False               |                                                                        
| -tp <tlsProtocols>            | Allow TLS protocols. Values:  SSLv3,TLSv1,TLSv1.1,TLSv1.2 separated by comma                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   | TLSv1.2)            |
| -tlsCiphers <tlsCipherSuite>  | Allow TLS cipher suites. Values:  cipher names defined by JVM separated by comma                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               | null (default cipher list provided by JVM)|
| -tr <tlsRevoke>               | Revoke certificates identified by their serial number. Values:  serial numbers separated by comma                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              | null (Do not revoke certificates)|
| -te <tlsEncryptOnly>          | Enable TLS encryption and disable TLS certificate validation
| -v                        | Verbose mode.  If this option is specified, verbose mode is enabled and additional information is displayed on the console.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        | DISABLED            |
| -u                        | Display command usage.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             |                     |

Commit message:

Added param to send user defined key to store in record. few param name change.

doc/options.md, after:

#Options


| Options                   | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        | Default             |
|---------------------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|---------------------|
| -h <hosts>                | List of seed hosts, where Aerospike servers are running                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            | 127.0.0.1           |
| -p <port>                 | Port to use with the host specified in the -h option.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              | 3000                |
| -U <user>                 | User name
| -P <password>             | Password
| -n <namespace>            | Namespace to load data into.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       | test                |
| -c <config>               | JSON formatted configuration file specifying parsing attributes and schema mapping.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                |                     |
| -g <max-throughput>       | Set a maximum target transactions per second for the loader.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         																																						         | 0 (no throttling)
| -T <transaction-timeout>  | (In milliseconds) Timeout for a transaction during write operation.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                | 0 (no timeout)      |
| -e <expiration-time>      | Expiration time of records in seconds. Other valid values are: set it to -1 for records to never expire and 0 to use server default.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               | -1                  |
| -tz <timezone>            | Time zone of data backup source. This value is used when loading data of timestamp datatype. For example, if data backup location timezone is X and that data is to be loaded into server located in Y timezone, then specify X's timezone. Valid values are standard three-letter codes such as PST, EST, etc.                                                                                                                                                                                                    |  local timezone     |
| -ec <abort-error-count>   | Error threshold to determine when the loader should stop loading data. Set it to 0 to ignore the threshold.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        | 0                   |
| -wa <write-action>        | The possible values are: 1) UPDATE - Create or update records. Merge incoming bin values with existing ones, 2) UPDATE_ONLY - Update existing records. Fail if record does not exist. Merge incoming bin values with existing ones, 3) REPLACE - Create or replace existing records, 4) REPLACE_ONLY - Replace existing records. Fail if record does not exist, 5) CREATE_ONLY - Create new records. Fail if record already exists.                                                                                | UPDATE              |
| -tls <tls-enable>              | Use TLS/SSL sockets                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            | False               |                                                                        
| -tp <tls-protocols>            | Allow TLS protocols. Values:  SSLv3,TLSv1,TLSv1.1,TLSv1.2 separated by comma                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   | TLSv1.2)            |
| -tlsCiphers <tls-cipher-suite>  | Allow TLS cipher suites. Values:  cipher names defined by JVM separated by comma                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               | null (default cipher list provided by JVM)|
| -tr <tls-revoke>               | Revoke certificates identified by their serial number. Values:  serial numbers separated by comma                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              | null (Do not revoke certificates)|
| -te <tls-encrypt-only>          | Enable TLS encryption and disable TLS certificate validation
| -uk <send-user-key>       | Send user defined key in addition to hash digest to store on the server. (default: userKey is not sent to reduce meta-data overhead).
| -v                        | Verbose mode.  If this option is specified, verbose mode is enabled and additional information is displayed on the console.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        | DISABLED            |
| -u                        | Display command usage.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             |                     |
